Introduction

The online tracking system is a powerful tool that can help individuals and organizations keep track of important items and their expiration dates. With this system,
users can set reminders for when an item is about to expire, ensuring that they never miss an important deadline. The system works by allowing users to input 
information about the item, such as its name, expiration date, and any other relevant details. Once this information is entered, the system will automatically generate 
reminders based on the user's preferences.

Benefits of Using the Online Tracking System

One of the main benefits of using the online tracking system is that it can help users avoid costly mistakes. For example, if a user forgets to renew their driver's 
license on time, they could face hefty fines or even legal consequences. By using the online tracking system, users can ensure that they receive timely reminders before 
their license expires. Another benefit of the system is that it can help users stay organized. Instead of relying on memory or paper-based systems, users can keep all
of their important expiration dates in one place. This can save time and reduce stress, especially for individuals or organizations with many items to track

How the Online Tracking System Works

To use the online tracking system, users must first create an account and log in. From there, they can input information about the item they want to track, including
its name, expiration date, and any other relevant details. Once the item is added to the system, users can set up reminders based on their preferences. For example, 
they may choose to receive an email reminder one week before the item expires, or a text message reminder on the day of expiration.

Conclusion

Overall, the online tracking system is a valuable tool for anyone who needs to keep track of important items and their expiration dates. With its customizable 
reminders, note-taking capabilities, and robust security features, the system can help users stay organized and avoid costly mistakes.



A MUST DO

In views.py =line 70 replace the email address to that you want to receive the email

LOGIN DETAILS 

user name= ADMIN1
password= @Worldflower


in settings.py replace the email address to that which will be the sender of the email
and create an app password from gmail and replace the one which is there

line 150 EMAIL_HOST_USER = 'senders email address'
line 151 EMAIL_HOST_PASSWORD = 'app_password'

im using the admin interface so that i can change the them of the django admin dashboard
    in viertual environment myenv file in lib i have copied the base and the base.html code to the one which is in the template directory
